fix: resolve issue with ordering of middleware being applied (#189)
mikro-orm/nestjs: README.md

## Multiple Database Connections

> You can define multiple database connections by registering several MikroOrmModules, each with a unique contextName and setting registerRequestContext to false. If you want to use the middleware request context you must register `MultipleMikroOrmModule` with `forRoot()` or use NestJS `Injection Scope`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define multiple database connections by registering multiple `MikroOrmModule`s, each with a unique `contextName`. You will need to disable the automatic request context middleware by setting `registerRequestContext` to `false`, as it wouldn't work with this approach - note that this needs to be part of all your `MikroOrmModule`s with non-default `contextName`. To have the same automatic request context behaviour, you must register `MultiMikroOrmModule` with `forRoot()` instead:
```

i don't even know what that part about "or use NestJS `Injection Scope`" was supposed to mean, lets just remove that. if you want to have that there, let's come up with something understandable, accompanied by examples. also fixed the english a bit, not a native speaker myself, so i hope i actually made it better 🙃

      registerRequestContext: false, // disable automatatic middleware
      ...
    }),

>     MultipleMikroOrmModule.forRoot()

Reviewer: i know i am repeating myself, but this feels like a really weird language construct. lets at least call it `multi` instead of `multiple`

```suggestion
    MultiMikroOrmModule.forRoot(),
```

Author: Yeah I can switch it to `Multi`, but originally I followed the naming from the middleware `multiple-mikro-orm.middleware.ts` to keep consistency. If you are happy to have them different I will change.

Reviewer: filenames are not relevant, users dont see them at all unless they browse the package code, i am fine with renaming them

Author: The middlware class is called `MultipleMikroOrmMiddleware` so happy with keep this inconsistency?

Reviewer: well, that's an implementation detail, users don't come across that name really, right? they are supposed to use `MikroOrmModule.forMiddleware()`

all in all, I would keep the old names everywhere as said in the other comment, since this is not really fixing anything. we can rename things in v7.

Author: sounds good to me 👍
